99	adjudicated	pos	Preheat oven to 350°F. Sprinkle roasts on each side with salt, pepper, and 1 teaspoon sugar. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in heavy wide ovenproof pot over medium-high heat. Add roasts. Cook until brown, about 8 minutes per side; transfer to plate. Add 1 tablespoon oil and onions to pot. Sauté until dark brown, stirring often, about 10 minutes. Mix in vinegar and allspice; boil until reduced to glaze, scraping up browned bits. Add broth, orange juice, and tomato sauce; bring to boil. Return roasts and accumulated juices to pot. Scatter dates around roasts; sprinkle with parsley. Cover pot; place in oven. Braise roasts 1 hour. Turn roasts over, cover, and braise until tender, about 1 hour. Tilt pot; spoon off fat from top of sauce. Cool uncovered 1 hour. DO AHEAD Can be made 2 days ahead. Chill uncovered until cold; cover and keep chilled. Preheat oven to 350°F. Transfer roasts to board, scraping sauce into pot. Cut crosswise into 1/2-inch-thick slices; overlap slices in baking dish. Spoon sauce over. Cover; rewarm about 25 minutes.
0	adjudicated	neg	Combine mayonnaise, basil, and lemon juice in processor. Blend until smooth (some basil bits will remain). Season mayonnaise with salt and pepper. Transfer to small bowl, cover, and refrigerate. (Can be made 2 days ahead. Keep refrigerated.) Rinse 2 mini muffin pans (12 cups per pan) with cold water; shake off excess water. Mix tomatoes, garlic, and oil in medium bowl; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let stand 15 minutes. Arrange 4 tomato quarters in bottom of each prepared muffin cup. Bring 2 1/2 cups water and salt to boil in heavy large saucepan over medium-high heat. Gradually whisk in polenta. Reduce heat to medium and cook until polenta thickens, whisking almost constantly, about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue to cook until polenta is tender, whisking often, about 15 minutes longer. Whisk in cheese and butter. Season polenta to taste with pepper. Spoon enough polenta into muffin cups to cover tomatoes and fill cups. Using wet fingertips, press polenta firmly to compact. Cover pans with waxed paper; let stand until polenta is firmly set, at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours. Cut around each tartlet to loosen. Turn over muffin pans, releasing tartlets. Arrange, tomato side up, on platter. Top each with dollop of basil mayonnaise. Serve, passing remaining mayonnaise. *Sold at Italian markets, natural foods stores, and some supermarkets. If unavailable, substitute an equal amount of regular yellow cornmeal, and cook mixture for about half the time.
101	adjudicated	neg	Puree the bluefish, cream cheese, butter, and Cognac in a food processor. Add the onion, Worcestershire sauce, and lemon juice. Pulse the machine on and off until the ingredients are combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Pack into a serving dish and sprinkle with the nuts, if using.
120	adjudicated	neg	1. Heat the oil in a large nonreactive saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and bell pepper and cook until softened but not brown, about 4 minutes. 2. Stir in the ketchup, tomato sauce, cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, pineapple juice (if using), hot sauce, liquid smoke, molasses, brown sugar, prepared and dry mustards, black pepper, and 1 cup of water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and let the sauce simmer, uncovered, until thickened, about 15 minutes, stirring often to prevent scorching. If the sauce becomes too thick, add a little more water. 3. Remove the barbecue sauce from the heat and taste for seasoning, adding salt to taste and more cider vinegar, hot sauce, and/or brown sugar as necessary; the sauce should be highly seasoned. 4. Transfer the barbecue sauce to a serving bowl and serve warm or at room temperature. The sauce will keep, tightly covered in the refrigerator, for several weeks.
152	adjudicated	pos	With food processor running, drop in garlic and finely chop. Cook garlic in oil in a heavy medium saucepan over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 1 minute. Add broccoli, water, red-pepper flakes, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until broccoli is very tender and almost all of liquid has evaporated, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in cheese until melted. Meanwhile, cook orecchiette in a pasta pot of boiling salted water (2 tablespoon salt for 6 quarts water) until al dente. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain pasta. Toss pasta with broccoli and 1/2 cup reserved cooking water. Season with salt and thin sauce with more cooking water if desired. Serve with cheese for sprinkling.
40	adjudicated	pos	Wash leeks in a bowl of cold water, agitating them to remove all sand and grit, then lift out and transfer to an 8-quart stockpot. Add all remaining broth ingredients to pot and bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, skimming foam occasionally, 3 hours. Stir together matzo meal, parsley, dill, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper in a bowl. Work rendered chicken fat into mixture with your fingers until incorporated, then stir in 1/2 cup broth from chicken and yolks. Mixture will be stiff. Beat egg whites with a pinch of salt in another bowl until they just form soft peaks. Stir one-third of egg whites into matzo mixture to lighten, and then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Chill, covered, 30 minutes. If after being chilled, the matzo mixture is still not firm, add 1 tablespoon additional matzo meal. Transfer chicken from broth to a cutting board to cool. When cool enough to handle, tear chicken into shreds, discarding skin and bones. Remove carrots from broth and once cool, cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Line a large sieve with a double layer of dampened paper towels. Pour broth through sieve into a 5-to 6-quart pot, pressing hard on and discarding solids. Return broth to a simmer. With dampened hands, gently form chilled matzo mixture into roughly 1-inch balls, gently dropping them into simmering soup as formed (this should yield about 20 matzo balls; moisten hands as necessary to prevent sticking). Simmer matzo balls, covered, until just cooked through, about 45 minutes (To test: Halve one matzo ball. It should have a uniformly moist interior; if uncooked, it will be dry in the center). Stir carrots and chicken into hot soup to warm through before serving. Garnish with dill sprigs.
448	adjudicated	pos	Using the Sauté function on High, heat 1 teaspoon (5 mL) oil in the inner pot for 1 minute, until shimmering. Add the coconut, coriander seeds, chana dal, peppercorns, fenugreek seeds, cinnamon stick, cloves, asafoetida (if using) and dried chile; cook for about 2 minutes, until fragrant. Transfer the mixture to a clean coﬀee/spice grinder and grind to a powder. Using the Sauté function on High, heat the remaining 5 teaspoons (25 mL) oil in the inner pot for 1 minute, until shimmering. Add the onion, salt, green chiles, turmeric and mustard seeds; cook for about 2 minutes, until the mustard seeds begin to pop. Add the rice, lentils, squash, and mustard greens; stir to combine. Stir in the toasted spices, then the broth. Secure the lid and cook on high pressure for 3 minutes. Once the cooking is complete, let the pressure release naturally for 10 minutes, then quick-release the remaining pressure. Remove the lid and stir. Transfer to a bowl; serve. If you can’t find mustard greens, use turnip greens, kale or any other sturdy greens.
481	adjudicated	pos	1. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400˚F. Brush the insides of 12 to 14 muffin cups with softened butter, then brush the top of the pan. 2. Sift the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, and salt together into a medium bowl. Beat the butter in the bowl of a heavy-duty stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on high speed until creamy, about I minute. Gradually beat in the sugar and continue beating, scraping the sides of the bowl often with a silicone spatula, until the mixture is very light in color and texture, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in the eggs. Reduce the mixture speed to low. Beat in the pumpkin; the mixture may look curdled. In thirds, beat in the flour mixture, scraping down the sides of the bowl often, and mix until smooth. Add the raisins. Increase the speed to high and beat until the batter has a slight sheen, about 15 seconds, no longer. 3. Using a 2 1/2 inch-diameter ice-cream scoop, portion the batter, rounded side up, into the prepared cups. Sprinkle the tops with the sunflower seeds. 4. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375°F and continue baking until the tops of the muffins are golden brown and a wire cake tester inserted into the center of a muffin comes out clean, about 15 minutes more. 5. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Remove the muffins from the pan and cool completely.
352	adjudicated	pos	"Preheat oven to 375°F. Pulse flour and 1 tsp. salt in a food processor to combine. Stir oil, honey, and 2/3 cup water in a liquid measuring cup. With motor running, add oil mixture to dry ingredients and continue to pulse until a ball of dough forms around blade. Turn dough out onto a work surface. Divide in half. Cover one half with a moistened towel, then roll remaining half into a rough 15x10"" rectangle. Repeat with second half. Transfer each to a large parchment-lined baking sheet. Using a pizza cutter or sharp paring knife, trim ragged edges. Cut each rectangle into 24 (6x4"") pieces. Fill a spray bottle with water and mist top of dough (or use a pastry brush to brush water on dough). Sprinkle with seeds and more salt. With your hands, press down lightly on dough to adhere seeds. Bake crackers, rotating sheets halfway through and checking for doneness frequently toward end of baking time (they can quickly brown), until slightly brown and crunchy, 15–18 minutes. Let cool (they'll crisp up) before serving."
372	adjudicated	pos	Slice tomatoes as thin as possible (a serrated knife works great) and place on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt and pepper. Let sit, turning once, until they have released some of their liquid, 20–30 minutes. Heat 2 dry large skillets over low (or use 1 skillet and work in 2 batches). Spread 1 side of 4 slices with half of mayonnaise. Set slices, mayo side down, on a cutting board. Mound cheese on slices, pressing down gently to pack onto bread. Top with shallot and close sandwiches. Cook, mayo side down, pressing gently, until bottom sides are golden brown (you should barely hear any sound of sizzling as the bread hits the skillet; low and slow is key), 6–8 minutes. Spread remaining mayonnaise over top slices of bread and carefully turn sandwiches over. Cook until other side is golden brown and cheese is melted, 6–8 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and carefully pry each sandwich open. Add a thin layer of tomatoes and close back up; slice in half.
467	adjudicated	pos	Place fruit in large punch bowl. Sprinkle with sugar to taste, if desired; stir and let stand 10 minutes for sugar to dissolve and juices to form. Add all remaining ingredients except ice cubes. Divide punch among 8 tall ice-filled glasses and serve.
266	adjudicated	neg	Heat a large heavy-based pot over medium heat. Add the duck, skin-side down, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook for 7–8 minutes on each side or until browned. Remove from the pot and set aside. Drain the fat, reserving 1 tablespoon in the pot, and discard. Add the leek, garlic, pancetta and thyme to the pot. Cook for 4–5 minutes or until browned. Add the tomato paste and vinegar and stir to combine. Add the tomatoes, port and the duck and bring to a boil. Cover with a tight-fitting lid, reduce the heat to low and cook for 1 hour 30 minutes or until the duck is very tender. Remove the duck from the liquid and allow to cool slightly. Shred the meat, using 2 forks, discarding the bones and skin. Return the shredded meat to the pot, stir to combine and keep warm. To make the creamy polenta, place the milk in a large pot over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Gradually whisk in the polenta and cook, whisking continuously, for 2–3 minutes or until thickened. Add the butter, cream, Parmesan, salt and pepper and whisk to combine. Divide the polenta among serving plates, then top with the duck ragù, amaranth leaves and extra Parmesan to serve.
117	adjudicated	pos	Blanch scallions in a pot ofboiling salted water 45 seconds, then transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Transfer scallions to paper towels to drain and pat dry. Cut flank steak with the grain holding a large knife at a 30-degree angle to cutting board into 12 (1/8-inch-thick) slices (1 1/2 to 2 inches wide). Arrange slices 1 inch apart on a very lightly oiled sheet of parchment paper or plastic wrap, then cover with another very lightly oiled sheet of parchment or plastic wrap (oiled side down) and pound slices with flat side of meat pounder until about 1/16 inch thick. Arrange 3 beef slices side by side on a fresh sheet of plastic wrap, overlapping slices slightly to form a 6-inch square with short ends of slices nearest you. Sprinkle square lightly with a pinch of salt, then lay 3 scallions (with some white parts at both ends) across slices at end closest to you and tightly roll up meat around scallions to form a log, using plastic wrap as an aid. Tie log with kitchen string at ends and where meat slices overlap. Make 3 more negimaki rolls in same manner. Stir together sake, mirin, soy sauce, and sugar in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. Put rolls in a small baking dish and pour marinade over them, turning to coat. Marinate, loosely covered with plastic wrap, turning occasionally, 15 minutes. Heat a 10-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot, 1 to 2 minutes. While skillet is heating, lift rolls out of marinade, letting excess drip off, and pat dry. (Save marinade.) Add oil to skillet, swirling to coat bottom, then cook rolls, turning with tongs, until well browned on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes total for medium-rare. Transfer rolls to cutting board. Add marinade to skillet and boil until slightly syrupy, 1 to 2 minutes, then remove from heat. Cut off and discard strings, then cut each roll crosswise into 6 slices. Pour sauce into a shallow serving dish and arrange negimaki in sauce. *Available at Asian markets, some supermarkets, and Uwajimaya (800-889-1928)
470	adjudicated	pos	In a large saucepan cover dried beans with triple their volume of cold water. Bring water to a boil and cook beans, uncovered, over moderate heat 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and soak beans 1 hour.
386	adjudicated	pos	Combine 2 chai tea bags and 1 cup boiling water in a small bowl; cover and let sit 8-10 minutes. Add 1/2 cup sugar; stir to dissolve. Discard tea bags and let cool. Stir chai syrup and 1/2 cup fresh lime juice in a pitcher to combine. Divide among 4 rocks glasses filled with ice and add 2-3 ounces club soda to each. Garnish with whole star anise pods and lemon twists.
82	adjudicated	pos	"Make pudding as directed on package. Heat oven to 350°. Line a 13"" x 17"" baking pan with parchment paper; coat with cooking spray. In a bowl, combine 3/4 cup sugar, flour and salt. In another bowl, beat egg whites with an electric mixer until foamy. Add cream of tartar; beat until soft peaks form. Slowly add remaining 3/4 cup sugar, beating until mixture is thick and shiny. Fold flour mixture into egg mixture in four batches; spread batter in pan. Bake until golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Loosen sides of cake with a knife; let cool. In a bowl, microwave jam for 30 seconds. Invert cake on cutting board; spread with jam and cut into 2-inch squares. In a nonstick pan over medium-high heat, toast coconut, stirring, 4 minutes. In another bowl, beat cream and coconut extract with an electric mixer until peaks form. Reserve 1/4 cup whipped cream. Fold pudding and 1/4 cup coconut into remaining whipped cream. In a large glass bowl, assemble trifle: Layer 1/3 cake squares, 1/3 fruit and 1/3 pudding mixture; repeat twice. Top with remaining 1/4 cup whipped cream and 1/4 cup coconut."
344	adjudicated	neg	Heat grill to medium. Spray zucchini, corn, asparagus, tofu and scallions with oil. Season with salt and pepper. Grill scallions 2 minutes per side; tofu 2 minutes per side; zucchini and asparagus 3 minutes per side; corn 8 to 10 minutes, turning often. Cut zucchini and asparagus into bite-ize pieces. Cut corn into chunks; slice off some kernels. Slice tofu into triangles. Combine veggies, tofu and remaining ingredients in a bowl. Combine all ingredients in a bowl; whisk until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Divide salad greens and veggies between 2 bowls; drizzle each with 2 tablespoon dressing.
397	adjudicated	pos	In a blender, combine all of the ingredients and process until smooth.
212	adjudicated	pos	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 350°F. Butter 2 (8- by 2-inch) round cake pans and dust with flour, knocking out excess. Whisk together flour (1 1/2 cups), baking powder, cinnamon, salt, nutmeg, cloves, and allspice in a medium bowl. Combine apple cider and lemon juice in a small measuring cup. Beat butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer at medium-high speed until light and fluffy, then add brown sugar and beat until combined. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition (mixture will look curdled). Reduce speed to low and add flour mixture and cider mixture alternately in 3 batches, beginning and ending with flour mixture and mixing until just combined. Divide batter between cake pans (batter will form a thin layer) and rap pans on work surface once to release any large air bubbles. Bake cake layers until they begin to pull away from sides of pans and a wooden pick or skewer inserted in center of each cake layer comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool cake layers in pans on racks 5 minutes, then run a thin knife around edge of each layer and invert layers onto racks. Cool completely, at least 1 hour. Whisk together sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a 2-quart heavy saucepan. Whisk in cider, then bring to a boil over moderate heat, whisking constantly, and boil, whisking constantly, 1 minute (mixture will be very thick). Transfer to a metal bowl and set in a larger bowl of ice and cold water, then stir occasionally until cool, about 30 minutes. Beat butter in a large bowl with cleaned beaters at medium-high speed until light and fluffy, then add one third of cider mixture and beat until incorporated. Add remaining cider mixture and continue beating until smooth. When cakes are cool, arrange 1 layer flat side up on a flat serving plate or cake stand and spread top with 3/4 cup buttercream. Top with remaining cake layer flat side up. Frost top and side of cake with remaining buttercream. Chill 2 hours before serving (to firm up buttercream).
139	adjudicated	pos	"If using 4"" zucchini, halve lengthwise. If using 8"" zucchini, halve crosswise, then quarter lengthwise. Place in a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons salt and 4 cups ice. Add cold water to cover. Top with a plate to keep submerged. Let sit for 2 hours. Drain; rinse. Divide dill sprigs and next 6 ingredients between 2 clean, hot 1-quart jars; set aside. Bring vinegar, sugar, remaining 2 tablespoons salt, and 1 1/4 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan. Working in batches, add zucchini and cook, stirring occasionally, until khaki in color and slightly pliable, about 2 minutes. Using tongs, transfer zucchini to jars. Divide hot syrup between jars to cover zucchini, leaving 1/2"" space on top. Wipe rims, seal, and process in a boiling water bath for 10 minutes. Allow at least a week to pickle before eating."
449	adjudicated	neg	Sift the sugar into a large mixing bowl. Add the cocoa powder, milk, vanilla, and salt and whisk or stir with a spoon until smooth. If the glaze is too thick, add a little more milk to thin it to the desired consistency. If not using within 10 minutes of mixing, cover the bowl with plastic wrap to keep the glaze from drying out. Store at room temperature.
180	adjudicated	neg	Put the tomatillos in a blender first, then add the remaining ingredients. Pulse a few times, then blend until the salsa is very smooth, at least 1 minute. Season to taste with additional chile and salt, and blend again.
145	adjudicated	pos	To make the old dough, using your hands or a rubber spatula, squish together the flour, water, and yeast in a bowl until it forms a thick paste. Scrape the paste into a small, lightly oiled container, cover, and let it sit out for 1½ to 2 hours, or refrigerate overnight and bring to room temperature for at least 2 hours before using. When ready, the ball will have doubled in volume. In the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the old dough, water, oil, and salt. Squish the old dough with your hands to break it up in the water; it doesn’t have to be perfectly mixed in. Fit the stand mixer with the paddle attachment and add a third of the flour. Mix on low speed until the dough looks like pancake batter. Add the remaining flour and mix on low speed until incorporated. Remove the paddle attachment, pulling off any dough stuck to it. If there is flour at the base of the bowl, use your hands to press the dough into the flour. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and let the dough sit for 20 minutes to allow the flour to hydrate. Remove the towel and attach the dough hook to the stand mixer. Mix the dough on medium speed until the dough releases from the sides of the bowl without sticking and feels smooth to the touch, about 4 minutes. Turn the mixer off and reposition the dough to the center of the bowl if it seems to get stuck on one side of the bowl. Combine the old dough, water, oil, and salt in a large bowl and mix together, squishing the old dough into the water with your hands. Stir in the flour gradually with your fingers until a crumbly dough forms, then knead it a few times in the bowl by folding the dough over itself and pressing it down into the bowl. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and let the dough rest for 20 minutes. Dust the counter lightly with flour and place the dough on top. Begin kneading by stretching and folding the dough over itself until it is smooth to the touch, 5 to 7 minutes. Lightly oil an 8 cup [2 L] glass Pyrex or a large glass bowl and place the dough inside. Cover the bowl with a lid, a plate, or plastic wrap, and let it rest for 3 hours or until doubled in volume. Or refrigerate overnight and let the dough come to room temperature for at least 2 hours before portioning. To portion and shape the dough, dust the counter lightly with flour and place the dough on top. Using a bench scraper or knife, cut the dough into eight pieces about 3.5 oz [100 g] each. To shape the dough, cup the palm of your hand over one portion at a time and move your hand in a circle. The friction from the counter will help form the dough into a ball. If there is too much flour on the surface and the dough is sliding around, give the counter a spritz of water and try again. Lightly oil a rimmed tray and place the dough on the tray, ensuring that the portions are not touching. Cover with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap lightly coated with oil. Leave out for 1 to 1½ hours, or until puffy, or refrigerate for up to 3 days. If you refrigerate the dough, use plastic wrap to cover it and expect it to take an hour or two to return to room temperature before it is ready to be rolled out. Dust the counter lightly with flour. Pat a portion of dough into an oval with your fingertips. Using a rolling pin and moving back and forth, roll the dough as thinly as possible into an oval about 13 by 9 in [33 by 23 cm]. If the dough resists stretching, let it relax and start working on another portion before returning to it. You can also gently stretch the dough with your hands to correct the shape. It doesn’t have to look perfect. Place a carbon-steel wok upside down over a burner. Have a pair of tongs handy. Heat the wok over high heat for 1 minute or until a sprinkle of water instantly evaporates. Drape the dough over the wok. Cook for 1 minute or until you can lift it easily from the wok with tongs and it has puffed slightly and blistered. Turn the dough over to briefly cook the other side, no more than 30 seconds. For extra browning, flip it over for another 30 seconds. Transfer the lavash to a half-sheet pan and cover with a dry kitchen towel while you cook the rest of the dough. In between batches, turn off the burner. The wok heats up quickly, and it will
59	adjudicated	pos	1. Mix together everything but the oil with your hands. Form the mixture into ovals about the size and thickness of small hamburger patties. 2. Put the meat on skewers (as shown) and brush it with the oil. Grill or broil the patties for about 4 to 5 minutes on each side. 3. Serve with the dipping sauce (see above), if desired.
85	adjudicated	pos	Spray 9 1/2-inch-diameter nonstick oven-proof skillet with vegetable oil spray; add 2 tablespoons melted butter. Arrange half of potato rounds in skillet, overlapping in concentric circles. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Alternate celery root slices and turnip slices atop potatoes in overlapping concentric circles. Sprinkle with rosemary, then lightly with salt and pepper. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Top with remaining potato slices in overlapping concentric circles. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Press with spatula to compact. Preheat oven to 400°F. Cook vegetables over medium heat 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium-low; cover and cook until bottom layer is golden, about 25 minutes. Uncover and drizzle with 2 tablespoons melted butter. Transfer skillet to oven; bake uncovered until vegetables are very tender and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Run small knife around vegetables to loosen from skillet. Place large platter atop skillet. Using pot holders, firmly hold skillet and platter together and invert vegetables onto platter. Cut into wedges and serve.
247	adjudicated	pos	Heat oil in heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add next 4 ingredients; stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in curry paste, curry powder, and chili paste. Add 1/2 cup coconut milk (scooped from thick liquid at top of can). Stir until thick and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add remaining coconut milk, broth, fish sauce, and sugar; bring broth to boil. Keep warm. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 day ahead. Refrigerate until cold, then cover and keep chilled. Cook snow peas in large pot of boiling salted water until bright green, about 20 seconds. Using strainer, remove peas from pot; rinse under cold water to cool. Place peas in medium bowl. Bring water in same pot back to boil. Add sweet potato and cook until tender, about 7 minutes. Using strainer, remove sweet potato from pot and rinse under cold water to cool. Place in small bowl. Bring water in same pot back to boil and cook noodles until just tender but still firm to bite, about 6 minutes. Drain; rinse under cold water to cool. Transfer to microwave-safe bowl. DO AHEAD: Can be made 1 hour ahead. Let stand at room temperature. Bring broth to simmer. Add chicken; simmer until chicken is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add sweet potato; stir to heat through, about 1 minute. Heat noodles in microwave in 30-second intervals to rewarm. Cut noodles with scissors if too long. Divide noodles among bowls. Divide snow peas and hot soup among bowls. Scatter red onion, green onions, cilantro, and chiles over soup. Garnish with lime wedges and serve. *Available at some supermarkets, at specialty foods stores and Asian markets, and online from adrianascaravan.com.
81	adjudicated	pos	Wash the rice by placing it in a large container and covering it with water. Agitate gently with your hand, then pour off the water. Repeat 5 times until the water is no longer cloudy. Drain, using a fine-mesh colander, and set aside. If using fresh fava beans in the pod, shell and remove second skins. If using frozen favas with second skins removed, place in a colander and rinse thoroughly. Set aside. Heat ¼ cup (60ml) oil in a large, non-stick pot over medium-high heat until very hot. Add the cinnamon stick, leek, and garlic, and stir-fry for 3 to 5 minutes, or until the leek is wilted. Add the rice, salt, pepper, turmeric, cardamom, and rose water, and stir-fry for another 1 minute. Add the water, tip in the skinned fava beans and bring back to a boil, stirring gently twice with a wooden spoon, to loosen any grains that may have stuck to the bottom of the pot. Cover firmly with a lid to prevent any steam from escaping. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 12 to 15 minutes, or until all the water has been absorbed. Add the dill and fluff using 2 forks. Drizzle the remaining oil and the saffron-infused rose water over the rice. Cover again, reduce heat to low, and cook for another 10 minutes. Remove the pot from heat and allow to cool, still covered, for 5 minutes. Serve with fried eggs and Yogurt and Persian Shallot Dip or alongside roasted lamb or fish.
278	adjudicated	pos	"Whisk both flours, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat butter and both sugars on high speed until light and creamy, 2-3 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating to blend and scraping down bowl between additions. Beat in vanilla. Reduce speed to low. Gradually add dry ingredients; mix just to combine. Fold in oats and raisins. Divide dough between 2 large sheets of parchment paper. Using paper as an aid, roll up each piece of dough into a 1 1/2"" diameter log. Wrap in plastic; freeze for at least 4 hours and up to 3 weeks. Preheat oven to 350°F. Unwrap dough and cut into 1/2""-thick rounds (return unused dough to freezer); place 2"" apart on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Bake cookies until edges are golden brown, 15-18 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack; let cool. DO AHEAD: Cookies can be baked 2 days ahead. Store airtight at room temperature."
493	adjudicated	pos	Preheat oven to 180°C (350°F). Place the butter and both the sugars in the bowl of an electric mixer and beat on low speed until just combined. Increase the speed to medium and beat for 8 minutes or until pale and creamy, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Add the vanilla, milk and egg and beat for 2 minutes or until light and fluffy. Sift in the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt and beat until combined. Add the chocolate and stir to combine. Roll heaped tablespoons of the mixture into balls and place on lightly greased baking trays lined with non-stick baking paper. Bake for 12–14 minutes or until golden brown. Allow to cool on the trays for 5 minutes before transferring onto wire racks to cool.
200	adjudicated	pos	In cocktail shaker, combine Lillet Blanc, vodka, and gin. Add ice and shake vigorously until well chilled, about 30 seconds. Strain into chilled martini or coupe glass. Squeeze lemon peel over glass, making sure oils fall into glass, then brush peel along outer lip of glass, drop peel in drink, and serve.
337	adjudicated	pos	Combine 2 1/2 pounds apricots, halved, pitted, 2 cups sugar, and 1/2 cup Riesling in a large heavy pot, stirring to dissolve sugar. Let sit until apricots start to release their juices, 20–30 minutes. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally at first and then more often as mixture thickens (as sugars concentrate, jam will be more likely to scorch), until most of the liquid evaporates and mixture is thickened, 30–40 minutes. To test for thickness, place a small dollop of jam on a chilled plate and chill 2 minutes. Drag your finger through: It should leave a clear path that doesn't fill in. Divide between jars, cover, and chill. Jam can be made 2 months ahead. Keep chilled.
406	adjudicated	pos	"Pulse pistachios in a food processor until coarsely ground. Add flour, salt, and sugar and pulse to combine. Add butter and pulse just until a coarse meal forms. With motor running, gradually stream in 1/2 cup ice water and process until dough comes together. Transfer dough to a work surface; form into a ball, then flatten into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill at least 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 400ºF. Heat 1 Tbsp. oil in a small skillet over medium-low. Cook leek, stirring occasionally, until softened but without taking on any color, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Mix goat cheese, cream, and garlic in a medium bowl to combine; season with salt and black pepper. Divide dough into 4 pieces. Roll out 1 piece of dough on a lightly floured surface to an 8"" round; transfer to a parchment-lined baking sheet. Using an offset spatula, spread one-quarter of goat cheese mixture over dough, leaving a 1"" border. Scatter 1 Tbsp. dill evenly over, then top with a thin layer of potato slices. Drizzle with oil; season with salt. Scatter one-quarter of leeks over potatoes. Fold edges of dough over filling, tucking and overlapping slightly as needed. Repeat with remaining dough, goat cheese mixture, chopped dill, potatoes, and leeks and more oil and salt to make 3 more galettes. Brush top of dough with egg. Bake galettes until crusts are golden brown and potatoes are soft, 30–40 minutes. Drizzle with honey and top with dill sprigs. Sprinkle with pink peppercorns, if using; season with salt and black pepper. Dough can be made 1 day ahead. Keep chilled."
80	adjudicated	pos	Preheat the oven to 325°F. Line a 12-cup cupcake pan with paper liners. In a medium bowl, whisk together 1 1/2 cups of the flour, the baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a small saucepan, heat the milk and orange zest over low heat until hot (but not boiling); cool to lukewarm, 4 to 5 minutes. Stir in the vanilla. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium-low, add the egg and egg whites one at a time, and beat until creamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Slowly add half the flour mixture, then the milk mixture, then the remaining flour mixture, beating until just blended after each addition. In a small bowl, toss the cranberries with the remaining 1 tablespoon flour. Using a silicone spatula, gently fold the cranberries into the batter. Divide the batter evenly among the liners and bake until the tops are just dry to the touch (some may be slightly golden on the sides before this happens) and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 17 to 19 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and cool completely before frosting with orange frosting. Butter two 9-inch round cake pans, line the bottoms with parchment paper cut to fit, and butter the parchment. Flour the pans, coating the bottom and sides of each pan, then tap out the excess flour. Divide the batter between the two pans and bake until the tops are dry to the touch, the sides of the cake start to pull away from the pan, and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean (for generally the same amount of time as in the cupcake recipe). Let cool on a wire rack, then remove each cake from its pan, discard the parchment paper, and set one cake layer on a cake round, frosting turntable, or the final serving platter. Frost the top of that cake layer with the frosting, stack the second layer on top, and frost the top and sides with the remaining frosting. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and salt on medium speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to low, gradually add the confectioners’ sugar, and beat until incorporated. Increase the speed to medium, add the milk, orange zest and juice, and vanilla and beat until fully blended, 1 to 2 minutes, making sure not to incorporate too much air into the frosting.
4	adjudicated	neg	1. Put the brandy, milk, sugar, vanilla, nutmeg, and ice cubes into a blender and blend for 20 seconds. 2. Strain into glasses of crushed ice and serve.
341	adjudicated	neg	Heat oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cumin; stir 1 minute. Add greens by large handfuls; stir just until beginning to wilt before adding more, tossing until coated with oil. Cook until tender, 1 to 6 minutes. Add tomatoes and sauté until heated through, about 2 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve.
357	adjudicated	pos	"Trim brussels sprouts with a paring knife, then snap off several dark outer leaves from each; set aside. Cut sprouts into quarters (or halve if very small). Starting at root end, cut half of leek into 1/2""-thick rings, then chop remaining leek. Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium. Add brussels sprout quarters and leek rings; season with salt and pepper and cook undisturbed until deep golden brown, about 3 minutes. Toss and continue to cook, tossing occasionally, until browned all over and tender, about 3 minutes more. Transfer to a medium bowl. Set aside a little lemon zest for serving and add remaining zest along with chopped leek, garlic, and 2 Tbsp. oil to same skillet. Season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring often, until garlic and leek are golden, about 4 minutes. Add wine, bring to a boil, and cook until skillet is almost dry, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until very al dente, 8–10 minutes; drain, reserving 1 cup pasta cooking liquid. Add pasta to skillet along with reserved brussels sprout leaves, brussels sprout quarters and leek rings, and 1/2 cup pasta cooking liquid; toss to combine. Bring to a simmer, then gradually add 2 oz. Parmesan, tossing constantly. Cook, shaking skillet to toss pasta and adding more pasta cooking liquid as needed, until pasta is al dente and sauce is thickened and glossy, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Divide pasta among bowls. Top with more Parmesan and pepper and reserved lemon zest; drizzle with oil. Serve with lemon wedges for squeezing over."
320	adjudicated	neg	Combine all of the ingredients in a small mixing bowl. Whisk until well combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Strain the mushrooms and let cool. Place the cooked mushrooms, beef, salt, and pepper in a mixing bowl. Mix to combine. Form the beef mixture into 4 patties of equal size. Heat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Cook the burger patties to desired doneness, about 5 minutes per side for medium. Sandwich each patty with lettuce and pickles between a bun and serve with Ginger-Lime Mayonnaise on the side.
322	adjudicated	pos	1. Preheat the grill on high heat. 2. Drizzle the bell peppers and onions with oil and 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar and sprinkle with salt. 3. Place all the veggies on the grill and cook for 3–5 minutes on each side, until the veggies are soft. 4. Remove from the grill and allow to cool slightly. 5. Thinly slice the mushrooms and bell peppers. Separate the onions into thin rings. 6. In a small bowl mix together the yogurt and 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar. 7. Spread 1 tablespoon of the yogurt sauce onto wrap and divide the veggies evenly between the tortilla wraps, top with the feta cheese and roll up like a burrito.
13	adjudicated	pos	Preheat the oven to 425°F. Using a small paring knife, make a few ½-inch slits into the cut side of each eggplant. (You can do this lengthwise, crosswise, or even diagonally. Knock yourself out with your decorative prowess!) Place the eggplant cut side up on a rimmed baking sheet and drizzle with ½ cup olive oil, distributing as evenly as possible. Season with salt and pepper and turn over so that the eggplant is cut side down. Place in the oven and roast, without moving or disturbing, until eggplant is completely tender, cooked through, and golden brown on the bottom (since the skin is already so dark, it can be hard to tell, but the skin will look shriveled and, when poked, the whole thing should feel tender, on the verge of collapse; you can also use a spatula to lift up the eggplant to check the underside for color), 40 to 45 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the remaining ¼ cup olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and chile and cook, shaking the skillet occasionally, until the garlic and chile are frizzled and fragrant (but not yet browned), 1 or 2 minutes. Add the bread and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until the bread is evenly toasted and golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside. Combine the labne, preserved lemon, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice in a small bowl; season with salt, pepper, and more lemon juice, if you like. Smear it onto the bottom of a large serving platter or in a shallow bowl. Once the eggplant is good and ready to go, use a fish spatula (or regular spatula) to lift up each eggplant half in one fell swoop, preserving its lovely golden underside. Place the eggplant, cut side up, on top of the seasoned labne. Scatter with the crispy croutons and herbs before serving. Eggplant can be roasted a few hours ahead, then kept loosely covered at room temperature (no need to reheat— it’s excellent at room temperature). The labne can be seasoned a week ahead, covered tightly, and refrigerated. The croutons can be made 2 days ahead, kept covered tightly at room temperature.
426	adjudicated	pos	Position rack in bottom third of oven and preheat to 350°F. Cook bacon in very large pot over medium-high heat until brown but not yet crisp, stirring often, 8 to 10 minutes. Add smoked sausage, andouille, and tasso. Sauté until meats start to brown in spots, about 10 minutes. Add onions, celery, and bell peppers. Cook until vegetables begin to soften, stirring occasionally, 10 to 12 minutes. Mix in chicken. Cook until outside of chicken turns white, stirring often, 5 to 6 minutes. Mix in paprika, thyme, chili powder, and 1/4 teaspoon cayenne. Cook 1 minute. Add diced tomatoes with chiles and broth; stir to blend well. Add more cayenne, if desired. Mix in rice. Bring jambalaya to boil. Cover pot. Place in oven and bake until rice is tender and liquids are absorbed, 45 to 48 minutes. Uncover pot. Mix chopped green onions into jambalaya; sprinkle jambalaya with chopped parsley and serve.
421	adjudicated	pos	In glass or small bowl, combine agave nectar and water, and stir until combined. In cocktail shaker filled with ice, combine tequila, agave nectar mixture, and lime juice. Shake vigorously, then strain into old-fashioned glass filled with fresh ice.
234	adjudicated	neg	"Heat oven to 350°F. Butter a 9"" pie pan. In pan, mix cherries with 1 tablespoon sugar, juice and 1 tablespoon flour. In a food processor, pulse remaining 1/2 cup sugar, remaining 1/3 cup flour, pistachios, oats, walnuts, cardamom and salt until nuts are finely chopped, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in butter; sprinkle topping over cherries. Bake until juices bubble thickly and topping is browned, 25 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature."
25	adjudicated	pos	Mix together beef, soy sauce, sugar, and salt with your hands until combined well. Heat oil in a 10-inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat, then add beef and cook, stirring occasionally and breaking up beef into small pieces, until just browned, about 4 minutes. Drain beef in a colander set over a bowl (reserve skillet) and return beef drippings to uncleaned skillet. Heat drippings over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add curry powder and potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes more. Add water and cook, stirring and scraping up any brown bits from bottom of skillet, until liquid is absorbed and potatoes are tender, about 1 minute. Return beef to skillet and stir in peas, then cool filling, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes. Put oven racks in upper and lower thirds of oven and preheat oven to 400°F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment. Roll out one sheet of dough into a 12-inch square on a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin and cut out 4 (5-inch) rounds with cutter. Mound 1/3 cup filling onto each of 2 rounds, leaving a 3/4-inch border around edges, then brush edges lightly with egg and cover with another round, gently stretching to cover filling completely. Gently press edges with tines of a fork (about 3/4 inch from edge) to seal, then transfer pies to baking sheet. Repeat with remaining sheets of dough and filling to make a total of 8 pies on 2 baking sheets (you may have some filling left over). Brush tops of pastry lightly with egg and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of sheets halfway through baking, until pies are deep golden brown and puffed, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool pies to warm, about 10 minutes, or room temperature.
201	adjudicated	pos	Place noodles in large bowl. Add enough boiling water to cover noodles. Let stand until noodles are soft, about 5 minutes; drain. Combine stock, shallots, ginger, and fish sauce in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to low, cover partially, and simmer 10 minutes. Discard ginger slices. Return stock to boil. Stir in noodles and turkey; simmer until turkey is heated through, about 3 minutes. Ladle soup into bowls. Serve, allowing diners to top each serving with bean sprouts, mint leaves, chiles, and lime wedges to squeeze over. Break up the carcass so that it its into a 6-quart or larger pot. Add 3 quarts water and 1 each coarsely chopped onion, carrot, and celery stalk. Bring to boil, skimming off any foam. Add 6 parsley sprigs, 1/2 teaspoon dried thyme, and 1/4 teaspoon whole peppercorns. Simmer 2 to 3 hours. Strain, then skim off any fat from surface of the broth.
19	adjudicated	pos	Preheat oven to 350°F with rack in middle. Pulse onions in 3 batches in a food processor until very coarsely chopped (there may be a few large pieces remaining), transferring to a bowl. Repeat with shallots, then garlic. Heat oil in a deep 12-inch heavy nonstick skillet over high heat until it shimmers, then sauté onions, shallots, and garlic (stir often) until golden and browned in spots, 25 to 30 minutes Grind fenugreek seeds in grinder or with mortar and pestle. Add to onion mixture along with remaining ingredients, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and stir until combined. Transfer to a parchment-paper-lined large 4-sided sheet pan and spread as thinly and evenly as possible. Bake, stirring occasionally with a skewer to separate onions, until well browned and barely moist, 1 to 1 1/4 hours.
182	adjudicated	pos	Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, then add flour and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add milk in a stream, whisking, then add shallot, bay leaf, and peppercorns and bring to a boil, whisking. Simmer, whisking occasionally, 5 minutes. Strain béchamel sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl, discarding solids, and cover surface with parchment paper. Discard stems and center ribs from greens, then coarsely chop leaves. Cook lardons in a wide 6- to 8-quart heavy pot over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden-brown but not crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain, then pour off fat from pot and wipe clean. Heat remaining 1/2 stick butter in pot over medium-low heat until browned and fragrant, about 2 minutes, then cook onion, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Increase heat to medium-high, then stir in greens, 1 handful at a time, letting each handful wilt before adding next. Add béchamel, cream, garlic, red-pepper flakes, 3/4 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon pepper and boil, uncovered, stirring, until sauce coats greens and greens are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in lardons, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste.
87	adjudicated	pos	Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 400°F. Line large rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk whole wheat flour, bread flour, baking powder, salt, onion powder, baking soda, thyme, and sage in large bowl to blend. Add butter and rub in with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse meal. Whisk 1 cup buttermilk and egg in small bowl to blend. Add to flour mixture and mix with fork until evenly moistened (dough will be slightly sticky). Turn biscuit dough out onto floured work surface. Knead briefly just until dough comes together, about 4 turns. Gather dough into ball. Using hands, flatten dough to 3/4-inch-thick round. Using 2-inch-diameter biscuit cutter or cookie cutter dipped in flour, cut out rounds. Transfer rounds to prepared baking sheet, spacing 1 to 1 1/2 inches apart. Gather dough scraps; flatten to 3/4-inch thickness and cut out additional rounds. Brush tops of biscuits with additional buttermilk. Bake biscuits until tops are light golden and tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 22 minutes. Transfer biscuits to rack. Serve warm or at room temperature. A LITTLE AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Cool biscuits completely, then wrap in foil and store at room temperature. Rewarm foil-wrapped biscuits in 350°F oven about 10 minutes, if desired, or serve at room temperature. FURTHER AHEAD: Dry ingredients (the first 8) can be blended up to 2 days ahead. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature. *White whole wheat flour is milled from 100 percent hard white wheat. It contains all of the germ and bran (and nutritional value) of regular whole wheat, but has a naturally lighter color and milder flavor. It's available at some supermarkets and specialty foods stores and from kingarthurflour.com.
442	adjudicated	pos	Cook butter in large nonstick skillet over medium heat until deep golden brown and most of foam subsides, stirring frequently, about 4 minutes. Transfer butter to bowl, reserving skillet. Sprinkle scallops with salt, pepper, and 1/2 teaspoon thyme; add to reserved skillet and cook until just opaque in center, about 1 1/2 minutes per side. Transfer scallops to plate. Add shallots, hazelnuts, and remaining 1 teaspoon thyme to skillet; stir 30 seconds. Remove skillet from heat. Add browned butter and vinegar; stir to blend. Season vinaigrette with salt and pepper. Divide watercress between 2 plates. Top with scallops and spoon warm vinaigrette over.
2	adjudicated	pos	"Toast a 2"" cinnamon stick and 1/4 cup coriander seeds in a dry small skillet over medium heat, tossing occasionally, until beginning to crackle, about 4 minutes. Crush on a cutting board with the side of a chef's knife or cleaver. Transfer to a large saucepan; add 4 cups water. Cook over medium-high heat until very warm but not hot. Meanwhile, lightly bruise 1 bunch cilantro (with roots if possible) and 1 bunch rosemary with the side of your knife. Add to saucepan along with a finely grated 2"" piece peeled ginger, 2 bags detox tea (such as Traditional Medicinals EveryDay Detox), 1 tablespoon manuka or raw honey, and 1 tablespoon raw unfiltered apple cider vinegar; stir to dissolve honey. Reduce heat to low and let mixture steep until flavorful, 10–15 minutes. Strain into a pint jar or large glass, pressing to extract as much liquid as possible."
161	adjudicated	neg	Peel and slice the cucumber into 1/8-inch-thick slices. (They need to be a little thick to support the weight of the lobster salad.) Reserve in a bowl of cold water until you're ready to assemble the appetizers. Chop the lobster meat into small pieces. Toss in a bowl with the mayo, yellow pepper, salt and pepper. Place a spoonful on each cucumber slice.
123	adjudicated	neg	Combine vinegar, kosher salt, 1/4 teaspoon pepper, and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl; add melon and toss to coat. Let stand at room temperature at least 30 minutes. Remove melon from pickling liquid and arrange on a platter with tomato and burrata. Drizzle with oil and some pickling liquid, top with basil, and season with sea salt and pepper. Do ahead: Melon can be pickled 2 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
379	adjudicated	neg	Bring honey, butter, 1 rosemary sprig, and a pinch each of salt and pepper to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Remove from heat and let steep for 30 minutes before serving. Tie remaining rosemary sprigs together. Dip the rosemary brush into the honey and use to drizzle over chicken.
464	adjudicated	pos	Combine first 5 ingredients in small skillet. Stir over medium heat until spices are aromatic and slightly darker in color, about 3 minutes. Transfer spices to bowl and cool. Grind spices to coarse powder in spice mill. Combine spices, yogurt, and ginger in 11 x 7 x 2- inch glass baking dish. Add lamb chops and turn to coat with mixture. Let marinate 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil. Arrange chops on baking sheet. Broil lamb to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer 2 lamb chops to each of 4 plates. Spoon drained Pickled Red Onions alongside each; garnish with mint sprigs.
277	adjudicated	pos	Stir all ingredients with ice and strain into glass. Garnish.
254	adjudicated	pos	1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg. Set aside. 2. In a large bowl, with an electric mixer, beat the butter on medium speed until creamy. Add the sugar and molasses and beat for 2 minutes. Beat in the water. On low speed, beat in the flour mixture until a soft dough forms. 3. Gather the dough into a ball and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or up to overnight. 4. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line cookie sheets with aluminum foil. 5. Divide the dough into thirds. Divide each third into 10 equal pieces. Using your palms, roll each piece on a lightly floured work surface into a rope 1/4 to 1/2 inch in diameter. Gently trace the design of your choice onto the prepared cookie sheets (a wooden spoon handle or chopstick works well for tracing on foil). Outline each design with a rope of dough, pressing the ends together to seal securely. 6. Sprinkle the inside of each design with the crushed candies, dividing the candies evenly among the outlined designs and creating an even layer. 7. Bake in the center of the oven or until the edges of the cookies are golden and the candy has melted, 6 to 9 minutes. Let the cookies cool on the cookie sheets on wire racks until the candy hardens, about 5 minutes. Gently peel the foil away from the cookies and transfer to the racks to cool completely.
440	adjudicated	pos	In a bowl, combine vinegar, 1 teaspoon oil and 1/4 teaspoon sugar. Add cabbage, carrots and broccoli slaw; toss and set aside. In a second bowl, combine cilantro, mint, fish sauce, soy sauce and remaining 1/2 tablespoon sugar. Add tuna and scallions; mix until combined. Form tuna mixture into four 3/4-inch-thick patties. Place panko on a plate; coat each patty with crumbs. In a large nonstick skillet, heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat. Cook burgers, flipping once, until well browned, about 4 minutes per side. Place 1 burger on bottom of each bun; top with 1/4 of slaw and other bun half.
425	adjudicated	pos	Put a 17-by 11-inch heavy 4-sided sheet pan in upper third of oven and preheat oven to 475°F. Toss chicken with 1 tablespoon oil and season with a slightly rounded 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Place chicken, skin side down, to one side in hot sheet pan. Toss plum tomatoes, celery, and potato with remaining 2 tablespoon oil and spread in empty side of pan in 1 layer, without crowding. Season vegetables with 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Roast 20 minutes. Turn chicken over and roast chicken and vegetables 15 minutes more. Scatter grape tomatoes, sun-dried tomatoes, and olives over vegetables in pan. Drizzle water over vegetables, then roast until chicken is golden and cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes more. Serve chicken with vegetables.
355	adjudicated	pos	Peel potatoes and cut into 1 1/2-inch pieces. Transfer to a bowl and cover with cold water. Toast coconut in a 12-inch heavy skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and wipe out skillet. Toast cumin seeds in skillet over medium heat, shaking skillet frequently, until fragrant and just a shade darker, about 30 seconds. Transfer to another small bowl. Reserve skillet. Purée jalapeño, ginger, and garlic in a blender with curry powder, cinnamon, turmeric, oil, 1/4 cup water, and 1 teaspoon salt until smooth. Transfer purée to skillet and cook over medium-high heat, stirring, until thickened slightly, about 1 minute. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until it begins to soften, about 8 minutes. Drain potatoes, then add to onion mixture with cumin seeds and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are barely tender, about 10 minutes. Add chickpeas and remaining 1 1/2 cups water, scraping up any brown bits, then briskly simmer, covered, until potatoes are tender, 16 to 20 minutes more. Add peas and cook, covered, until just tender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in toasted coconut and cilantro. Whisk flours, cumin seeds, salt, and water in a bowl. Generously brush a 12-inch nonstick skillet with oil and heat over medium-high heat until it shimmers. Pour 1/2 cup batter into skillet, swirling until bottom is coated. Cook, undisturbed, until dosa is set and edges are golden, about 2 minutes. Flip using a rubber spatula and cook dosa until underside is golden in spots, about 1 minute more. Transfer to a plate. Make more dosas with remaining batter, stacking and covering loosely with foil to keep warm. To serve, spoon masala filling into dosas.
429	adjudicated	pos	Peel eggplant and cut into 1/2-inch cubes. Toss with 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and let stand 15 minutes, then rinse in a colander under cold water and squeeze out excess water. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook onion with bay leaf, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon oil, eggplant, and garlic and cook, stirring, until eggplant is tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Add tomatoes (without juice), paprika, and cumin and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Add reserved tomato juice, chickpeas, sugar, 1/2 teaspoon pepper, and remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt and simmer, stirring occasionally, until filling is thickened and most of liquid is evaporated, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in parsley, then discard bay leaf. Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 425°F. Line a large baking sheet with foil. Unroll phyllo and cover stack with plastic wrap and a dampened kitchen towel. Keeping remaining phyllo covered, lightly brush 1 phyllo sheet with some of remaining oil and top with 2 more sheets, brushing each with oil. Sprinkle with 1/2 teaspoon pepper, then cut stack in half crosswise with a sharp knife. Spoon 1 cup filling into center of each half. Crumple edges of phyllo and shape into a crescent, leaving filling exposed, then transfer to baking sheet using a spatula. Make 2 more tarts in same manner, arranging about 1/2 inch apart on baking sheet. Bake, rotating baking sheet 180 degrees after 10 minutes, until edges of tarts are golden, 15 to 20 minutes total. Serve immediately.
435	adjudicated	pos	Pulse chiles, orange zest, orange juice, lemon zest, and lemon juice in a food processor until very finely chopped; season chile paste with kosher salt. Arrange snapper on chilled plates. Top with chile paste and cilantro, drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with sesame seeds and sea salt. DO AHEAD: Chile paste can be made 4 hours ahead. Cover and chill.
411	adjudicated	pos	Grind the peppercorns and mix with the salt and thyme leaves. Rub the beef lightly with some of the olive oil, then rub the pepper mixture all over the beef. Heat a ridged cast-iron grill pan until very hot. Put the beef in the pan and sear on all sides, then remove from the pan and let cool. Use a long, sharp knife to slice the beef as thinly as possible. Place the slices on a board and press them with the flat side of the knife blade to flatten each slice and make it bigger. Cover the serving plates with the beef. Season, then drizzle with half the lemon juice. Toss the salad leaves and sprouts with some olive oil and a little more lemon juice. Scatter the leaves over the beef, then shave the cheese on top. Drizzle with a little more olive oil and serve with the lemon wedges.
39	adjudicated	neg	Place jicama, cucumbers, and hearts of palm cut sides up on cutting board and squeeze lime halves over. Sprinkle with Tajín and season with salt. Arrange vegetables upright in tall glasses or jars to serve.
28	adjudicated	pos	In blender or food processor, combine coarsely chopped cucumber, scallions, coarsely chopped herbs, ginger, garlic, olive oil, and yogurt and process until smooth, about 1 minute. Stir in 1/2 teaspoon salt, pepper, and hot sauce, then transfer to large airtight container and refrigerate 1 hour or up to 4 hours. In small bowl, stir together shrimp and remaining cucumbers, herbs, and salt. Fold watermelon or cantaloupe into soup. Divide soup evenly among 4 chilled bowls and top each with dollop of shrimp mixture. Serve immediately.
241	adjudicated	pos	Whisk first 5 ingredients in small bowl. Season marinade with salt and pepper. Combine 1/2 cup marinade, cucumber and next 4 ingredients in medium bowl; season salsa with salt and pepper. Let stand 30 minutes; toss occasionally. Spray barbecue rack with nonstick spray and prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Place salmon, skin side down, in large glass baking dish. Top with remaining marinade. Let stand 10 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spray basket with nonstick spray. Place salmon in fish basket, folding tail under if fish is too long. Place basket on barbecue and grill salmon, skin side up, 5 minutes. Turn basket over; grill salmon until just opaque in center, about 5 minutes longer. Turn salmon out onto platter. Spray rimless baking sheet with nonstick spray. Place salmon, skin side up, on sheet. Spray skin with nonstick spray. Slide salmon, skin side up, onto barbecue. Grill 5 minutes. Stand blade of large spatula at 1 long side of salmon to hold in place. From opposite side, slide rimless baking sheet completely under salmon. Hold salmon with spatula; turn sheet and salmon over, releasing salmon, skin side down, onto barbecue. Grill salmon until just opaque in center, about 5 minutes longer. Slide baking sheet under salmon; transfer fish to platter. Serve with salsa.
447	adjudicated	pos	In a large bowl, stir together the grape juice, Prosecco, rose water, and lemon juice. Fill ice pop molds about one-third full. Drop two or three rose petals into each mold and freeze until set, about 30 minutes. Fill the molds another third of the way full and drop two or three more rose petals in each mold. Insert sticks. Freeze until set, about 30 minutes. Fill all the way with the remaining Prosecco mixture and drop two or three more rose petals into each mold. Freeze until set, at least 8 hours or up to 1 week. To unmold the pops, run hot water over the outsides of the molds for a few seconds, then gently pull the sticks.
371	adjudicated	pos	Preheat oven to 325°F. Pat shanks dry and season with salt and pepper. Divide shanks and flour between 2 large sealable plastic bags and shake to coat, then remove shanks from bags, shaking off excess flour. Heat oil and 2 tablespoons butter in ovenproof pot over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then brown shanks well in 2 batches, 10 to 12 minutes per batch, transferring to a plate. Reduce heat to moderate and add remaining tablespoon butter to pot along with onions, carrot, celery, and garlic and cook, stirring, until onions are pale golden, about 5 minutes. Add remaining stew ingredients and bring to a boil, stirring. Arrange shanks in pot in 1 layer and return to a simmer. Cover pot and braise shanks in middle of oven until very tender, about 2 1/2 hours. Remove strings from osso buco and discard along with parsley sprigs and bay leaf. Stir together gremolata ingredients in a small bowl and sprinkle over osso buco. Serve immediately.
373	adjudicated	pos	Preheat oven to 350°F. Combine all ingredients in processor; blend until mixture resembles moist crumbs, about 1 minute. Transfer to 9-inch-diameter glass pie dish and press mixture onto bottom and up sides (not rim) of dish. Bake crust until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Remove from oven; press crust with back of spoon if puffed. Cool crust completely. Whisk sugar, cornstarch, and salt in heavy medium saucepan until no lumps remain. Gradually whisk in cream, then milk. Add yolks and scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; whisk to blend. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until pudding thickens and boils, about 5 minutes. Add butter and stir until melted. Spread warm pudding in cooled crust. Chill until filling is cool, about 1 hour. Thinly slice 3 bananas on diagonal. Combine banana slices and 2 tablespoons orange juice in medium bowl; toss to coat. Transfer banana slices to paper towels and pat dry. Arrange enough banana slices in single layer over vanilla custard filling to cover completely. Using electric mixer, beat cream cheese and powdered sugar in medium bowl until smooth. Beat in vanilla, then peanut butter. Beat cream in another medium bowl until firm peaks form. Fold large spoonful of whipped cream into peanut mixture to loosen, then fold in remaining cream in 2 additions. Spread peanut butter layer evenly over bananas. Chill at least 3 hours. DO AHEAD: Can be made 8 hours ahead. Keep chilled. Thinly slice remaining banana on diagonal. Toss with remaining 1 tablespoon orange juice, then pat dry with paper towels. Arrange banana slices around top edge of pie. Sprinkle peanut brittle over bananas, if desired, and serve.
255	adjudicated	pos	Cut tops off onions. Cut tops lengthwise into thin strips; cut strips into 2-inch pieces. Chop half of onion bottoms. Place remaining bottoms in blender; add vinegar and ginger. Puree, occasionally scraping down sides of blender jar. Strain puree into measuring cup, pressing enough solids through to yield 1/2 cup dressing; season with pepper. Place carrots and cranberries in large bowl. Add onion tops and bottoms. Toss with enough dressing to coat.
419	adjudicated	pos	Trim off the tough bottom of the spear by grasping each end and bending it gently until it snaps at its natural point of tenderness—usually two-thirds of the way down the spear. If the spear is less than 6 inches long, chances are it has already been trimmed for you. Alternatively, you can cut the ends off with a knife. Coat each spear with olive oil by placing clean, dry spears in a resealable plastic bag, pour in the oil, and massage spears to coat each one. Sprinkle with salt and massage again. Leave the asparagus in the bag until ready to cook. Place on the cooking grate crosswise so it won't fall through. Grill for 10 to 15 minutes (depending on the size and thickness of the stalks), turning occasionally to expose all sides to the heat. Asparagus should begin to brown in spots (indicating that its natural sugars are caramelizing) but should not be allowed to char. Remove from grill and serve immediately—eating spears with your fingers enhances the experience.
294	adjudicated	pos	Put cavolo nero crosswise into 1/4-inch-wide strips and cook in a large pot of salted boiling water 3 minutes. Reserve 1/4 cup cooking liquid and drain cavolo nero in a colander. Cook onion and 1/2 cup cilantro in oil in a deep 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until onion is softened. Add cavolo nero, salt to taste, and reserved cooking liquid and simmer, stirring, until cavolo nero is just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in remaining 1/2 cup cilantro and season with salt and pepper.
162	adjudicated	neg	"Combine chile, oil, lime juice, and vinegar in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add beans and toss to coat. Let sit 10 minutes to allow flavors to meld. Meanwhile, using a small knife, remove peel and white pith from oranges. Cut crosswise into 1/4""-thick rounds. Add oranges, celery, and half of sprouts and cilantro to beans. Season with salt and pepper and toss once to combine. Serve topped with remaining sprouts and cilantro."
402	adjudicated	pos	Use a food processor or an electric mixer with a paddle attachment to work the butter, icing sugar, flour, vanilla seeds and salt until the mixture just forms a ball of dough. It takes a while to come together, so don’t lose faith. Once it has formed, turn the dough out onto the work surface. Divide into two pieces and shape each one into a log – I prefer to make it rectangular but it is tasty in any shape. Mix the sumac and sugar on the work surface. Roll the log in the sumac-sugar to coat all over, then place in the fridge to set for at least 1 hour (or freeze it until you want to bake them). Heat your oven to 190°C/170°C fan/375°F/gas mark 5. Line two baking trays with baking paper. Use a sharp knife to cut each log into 12–14 slices and place them flat on the trays. Bake for 10–12 minutes until light golden, then remove from the oven. Leave to cool on the tray before eating.
270	adjudicated	pos	"Mix paprika, Aleppo-style pepper, 2 1/2 tsp. salt, and 1 tsp. black pepper in a bowl. Rub all over steaks, pressing to adhere. Let sit while you make the beans. Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a medium saucepan over medium-low. Cook shallots, garlic, and cilantro stems, stirring often, until softened but not yet browned, about 3 minutes. Add beans, butter, and ¾ cup water. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until beans are saucy, 6–9 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro leaves. Finely grate some lime zest from one of the lime halves into beans, then squeeze in its juice. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm. Heat a dry 12"" skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high. Rub steaks with 3 Tbsp. oil and cook, undisturbed, 3 minutes. Turn and cook on other side 3 minutes, then turn again. Add all remaining lime halves, arranging cut side down. Cook until steaks are medium-rare (a thermometer inserted into thickest part should register 120°F) and limes are nicely charred, 2–3 minutes. Transfer steaks and limes to a cutting board. Wipe out skillet. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in skillet over medium-high. Cook eggs sunny side up until whites are golden brown and crisp around edges and yolks are runny, about 2 minutes. Slice steaks against the grain. Divide beans and steaks among plates and top each with an egg. Serve with charred limes for squeezing over."
375	adjudicated	pos	Bring cranberries, horseradish, sugar, and water to a simmer in a 3-quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring with a wooden spoon until sugar is dissolved. Simmer, uncovered, stirring and mashing berries frequently with spoon, until berries break down, 5 to 10 minutes. Serve sauce warm or at room temperature.
345	adjudicated	pos	Mince 1 tablespoon lemongrass from root end. Put minced lemongrass and remaining paste ingredients in mortar and vigorously pound to a smooth paste using pestle (most chile seeds should be crushed), 6 to 8 minutes. Cook beans in a medium saucepan of boiling salted water (1 teaspoon salt for 2 quarts water), uncovered, until crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Drain and transfer to a bowl of cold water to stop cooking. Drain again. Pat pork dry, then cut across the grain into ÿ-inch-thick slices (about 2 by 1 inch). Heat oil in a 12-inch skillet over high heat until it shimmers, then cook seasoning paste, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add pork, tossing to coat, then spread out in skillet and brown, turning occasionally (to keep paste from burning), about 2 minutes. Add fish sauce, palm sugar, and beans and cook, tossing, until pork is just cooked through and beans are hot, about 1 minute. Remove from heat and toss with lime leaves.
148	adjudicated	pos	"Place a rack in middle of oven and preheat to 350°F. Spread out walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and toast, tossing once, until golden brown, 10–12 minutes. Let cool. Meanwhile, heat a 10"" ovenproof skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium. Add 2 Tbsp. butter and swirl to coat; arrange apple halves cut sides down in a single layer in skillet. Cook apples, undisturbed, rotating skillet on burner as needed for even browning, until cut sides are golden brown, 5–10 minutes (the timing depends on the juiciness of the apples; juicier apples will take longer). Turn apples over and cook on rounded sides just until they start to release their juices and the tip of a knife slides through with slight resistance, about 5 minutes. Transfer apples to a plate, arrange cut sides up, and let cool. Add ¼ cup brown sugar and 1 Tbsp. water to skillet and set over medium heat. Stir with a wooden spoon or heatproof rubber spatula until sugar is dissolved, then cook, swirling skillet occasionally (do not stir at this point), until thick and bubbling in a thin layer, about 1 minute. Let caramel cool in skillet. Meanwhile, pulse toasted walnuts, flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder, nutmeg, and 1½ tsp. cinnamon in a food processor until combined and nuts are finely ground. Transfer walnut mixture to a medium bowl. Combine granulated sugar, remaining ¼ cup brown sugar, and remaining 8 Tbsp. butter in food processor (no need to wash it) and process in long pulses until mixture is light and smooth. Add eggs and vanilla and process in long pulses, scraping down sides of processor once, until mixture is smooth. Add half of walnut mixture and pulse to combine, then add yogurt and pulse just until incorporated. Add remaining walnut mixture and pulse just to combine. Arrange apple halves cut sides down over cooled caramel in skillet, spacing evenly. Fold batter a few times with spatula, scraping sides to make sure everything is well mixed. Scrape batter over apples and work into spaces around apples. Smooth surface (it’s okay if there’s only a thin layer of batter in places; it will rise in the oven). Bake cake until it is browned across the entire surface and the center springs back when gently pressed, 30–40 minutes. Let cake cool in skillet 10 minutes, then run an offset spatula or a small knife around the sides of the pan to loosen. Set a wire rack upside down on skillet and flip over to release cake; carefully remove skillet. If any apples or cake stick to skillet, scrape them off and press back onto the top of the cake. Serve cake warm or room temperature. Slice into wedges and top with dollops of whipped cream and a dusting of cinnamon. Do Ahead: Cake can be baked 2 days ahead. Let cool completely. Store tightly wrapped at room temperature."
364	adjudicated	pos	"Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour Bundt pan, tapping out excess flour. Rub together granulated sugar and lemon zest with your fingers in a large bowl until fragrant. Using an electric mixer on medium speed, cream lemon sugar and 3/4 cup butter until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, scraping down sides of bowl and beating well between each addition. Beat in rose water and vanilla extract on medium-low speed until just combined. Whisk 2 1/4 cups flour, salt, baking powder, and baking soda in another large bowl. With mixer on low, add dry ingredients to lemon sugar mixture in 3 additions, alternating with yogurt in 2 additions, beginning and ending with dry ingredients, scraping down sides and bottom of bowl as needed. Fold in pistachios. Cut rhubarb crosswise into 2 1/2"" pieces. Using a mandoline set to 1/4"" or a very sharp knife, slice rhubarb lengthwise, maintaining as much red skin on stalks as possible. Pour one-third of the batter into prepared pan and smooth surface. Add half of the rhubarb, nestling pieces side by side to form a thick ring on top of batter. Pour another third of the batter on top of rhubarb layer; smooth surface. Repeat with remaining rhubarb and batter. Bake cake until the surface is cracked and golden brown, springs back to the touch, and a tester inserted into the center comes out clean, 50–60 minutes. Let cake rest in pan 10 minutes, then turn out onto a cooling rack. Whisk powdered sugar, milk, rose water, vanilla extract, and salt in a medium bowl until well combined. Glaze should be pourable but stiff enough to hold its shape-it can be thickened with more powdered sugar or thinned with more milk if needed. Using a spoon, drizzle rose glaze over cooled cake, holding the spoon a few inches above the cake. While glaze is still wet, sprinkle rose petals and pistachios on top. Cake can be baked, cooled, wrapped in plastic, and stored at room temperature up to 3 days. Glaze can be made and stored in an airtight container at room temperature up to 5 days."
413	adjudicated	pos	"Preheat oven to 425°F. Place beets in a shallow baking dish and add water until it reaches about 1/2"" up the sides of the beets. Cover with foil, crimping edges to make a tight seal. Bake beets until a skewer poked through foil easily pierces flesh, 65–75 minutes. Remove from oven, uncover, and let sit until cool enough to handle. Using paper towels (if you have gloves, wear them to keep your hands stain-free), rub skins to remove; discard. Lightly crush beets with the flat side of a chef’s knife, then tear into bite-size pieces and place in a large bowl. Heat oil, spices, and bay leaves in a small skillet over medium and cook, swirling often, until oil is sizzling around spices and spices are fragrant, about 3 minutes. Pour over beets, add vinegar, and toss to combine. Season with salt. Let cool. Beets can be marinated 5 days ahead. Cover and chill."
27	adjudicated	pos	Combine dals, rice, and barley in a medium bowl. Pour in water to cover and swish dals and grains around with your fingers. Drain and repeat process until water runs clear enough to see your hands through. Pour in water to cover and let dals and grains soak at room temperature at least 2 hours, or cover and chill up to 12 hours. Place lamb on a plate, pat dry with paper towels, and season all over with 2 tsp. salt; set aside. Peel ginger by scraping off skin with a spoon. Finely grate half of ginger; set aside. Thinly slice remaining ginger. Stack slices and cut crosswise into matchsticks; set aside. If using an electric pressure cooker, combine shallots and ghee in pot and set to sauté function or high. Cook, stirring often and adjusting heat as needed if your cooker has that option, until shallots are just beginning to brown, about 8 minutes (or about 6 minutes if cooking in oil). Reduce to normal function or medium if possible, or, if your cooker doesn’t have a lower setting, turn off for a minute if mixture is getting too hot. Add reserved ginger matchsticks and cook, stirring often, until shallots are brown and crisp and ginger is frizzled, 4–10 minutes, depending on your cooker. Using a slotted spoon, transfer shallots and ginger to a plate, spreading out into a single layer. Season lightly with salt; let cool. Add garlic, garam masala, cayenne, turmeric, and reserved grated ginger, and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add lamb and stir to coat in spices. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon and repeatedly adding splashes of water as spices begin to stick to bottom of pot and scraping up browned bits, until flavors come together, about 15 minutes.(Bhuna, the process of repeated sticking and scraping, is a Southeast Asian cooking technique that brings out the flavor of the spices and ensures they don’t taste raw and grainy.) Drain dal mixture and add to pot along with 1 tsp. salt and 5 cups water. Secure lid and bring to full pressure according to manufacturer’s directions. Cook 1½ hours. Let sit 20 minutes, then manually release pressure and open up. Taste haleem and add more salt and cayenne if needed. Add chiles if using. (These are for flavor, not heat; feel free to leave them out.) Simmer on normal function or medium, stirring often, 5 minutes. Stir in ½ cup cilantro. Serve haleem with white onion, lime wedges, reserved crispy shallots and ginger, and more chopped cilantro. If using a medium Dutch oven or stovetop pressure cooker, cook shallots and ghee over high heat, stirring often, until shallots are just beginning to brown, about 8 minutes (or about 6 minutes if cooking in oil). Add reserved ginger matchsticks and cook, stirring often, until shallots are brown and crisp and ginger is frizzled, 5–8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer shallots and ginger to a plate, spreading out in a single layer. Season lightly with salt; let cool. Reduce heat to medium, add garlic, garam masala, cayenne, turmeric, and reserved grated ginger, and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add lamb and stir to coat in spices. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon and repeatedly adding splashes of water as spices begin to stick to bottom of pot and scraping up browned bits, until flavors come together, about 15 minutes. (Bhuna, the process of repeated sticking and scraping, is a Southeast Asian cooking technique that brings out the flavor of the spices and ensures they don’t taste raw and grainy.) Drain dal mixture and add to pot along with 1 tsp. salt and 6½ cups water (if using a Dutch oven) or 5 cups water (for pressure cooker). Increase heat to high and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to the low, cover pot, and cook, stirring and scraping bottom of pot every 15–20 minutes, until meat is falling off the bone and dals and grains have nearly melted into the stew, 4½–5 hours. (If using a stovetop cooker, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Secure lid and bring to full pressure according to manufacturer’s directions. Cook 1½ hours. Let sit 20 minutes, then manually release pressure and open up.) Taste haleem and add more salt and cayenne if needed. Add chiles if using. (These are
157	adjudicated	pos	Heat oven to 375°F. Coat a 12-inch x 15-inch x 1-inch jelly-roll pan with cooking spray. Line with parchment paper; coat with cooking spray. Whisk flour, cinnamon, baking powder, nutmeg, ginger and salt in a bowl. In another bowl, beat eggs with an electric mixer on high until fluffy. Gradually beat in sugar until combined. Reduce speed to low; add pumpkin, zest and vanilla until just combined. Gently but thoroughly fold in flour mixture. Pour batter into prepared pan. Spread into an even layer. Sprinkle pecans on top. Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Lightly dust a clean towel with confectioners' sugar. Remove cake from oven. Invert cake onto towel. Remove pan. Gently peel off top parchment. Tightly roll up cake in towel, starting on long side closest to you. Place seam side down on a rack. Place gelatin and 1 tablespoon cold water in a heatproof bowl; place bowl in pan of hot water to melt gelatin. In another bowl, beat ricotta, cream cheese and confectioners' sugar with an electric mixer on medium until smooth. Beat in gelatin and candied peel. Cover; refrigerate at least 1 hour. Gently unroll cake; set towel aside. Spread top with even layer of filling, leaving a 1-inch border on the far side. Gently roll up cake. Place seam side down on a platter. Refrigerate until ready to serve, covered loosely with plastic wrap. Before serving, trim cake by diagonally cutting thin slice off each end. Dust with confectioners' sugar.
418	adjudicated	pos	Preheat oven to 450°F. Roast bones on a parchment-lined rimmed baking sheet 30 minutes. Arrange celery, onion, and carrots on sheet; roast 10 minutes. Spread tomato paste over bones and vegetables and roast 5 minutes more; let cool. Meanwhile, heat oil in a small saucepan over medium and cook garlic, shaking pan occasionally, until golden, about 5 minutes. Immediately strain oil through a fine-mesh sieve into a bowl; set aside garlic. Set aside oil for Ditalini Risotto and other uses. Transfer bones and vegetables to a large pot; pour in cold water to cover. Add herb stems, bay leaves, peppercorns, coriander seeds, and reserved garlic. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, skimming fat and foam from surface, until caramel colored and flavorful, about 3 hours. Strain stock through a fine-mesh sieve into a large bowl, pressing on solids; discard solids. Stock can be made 3 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill, or freeze up to 3 months.
6	adjudicated	neg	Heat oil in a large pot over medium-high heat. Cook potatoes, tossing occasionally, until beginning to soften, about 3 minutes. Add fennel and garlic; season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until fennel is soft, about 2 minutes. Add wine, bring to a boil, and cook until almost completely evaporated, about 4 minutes. Add 2 cups water to pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender, 10–12 minutes. Stir in crème fraîche. Add flounder, cover pot, and reduce heat. Simmer until fish is cooked through, about 4 minutes. Stir dill into stew; season with salt and pepper. Serve with lemon wedges.
312	adjudicated	pos	Put oven rack in middle position and preheat oven to 400°F. Cook bacon in a 12-inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, turning over once, until edges are lightly browned but bacon is still flexible (it will continue to cook in oven), 6 to 8 minutes total. Transfer to paper towels to drain, reserving fat in skillet. While bacon cooks, core apples, if desired, from bottom, with pointed end of a vegetable peeler or a paring knife, leaving stems intact. Wrap a slice of bacon around each of 8 apples, securing ends of bacon by piercing with stem or using half a wooden pick. Brush a 3-quart (13- by 9-inch) shallow baking dish with some bacon fat, then add apples to dish and bake, uncovered, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, pat chicken dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Heat bacon fat in skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, then cook chicken, turning over once, until browned, about 8 minutes total. Transfer chicken with tongs to baking dish, rearranging some of apples so that chicken fits in bottom of dish, and bake, uncovered, 5 minutes. While chicken bakes, pour off fat from skillet and add cider, vinegar, and marjoram sprigs to skillet. Boil, stirring and scraping up brown bits, until reduced by half (about 3/4 cup), about 5 minutes. Pour sauce through a fine-mesh sieve into a measuring cup, pressing on and then discarding solids. Add butter and chopped marjoram to sauce, stirring until butter is melted. Pour sauce over chicken and apples and continue to bake, uncovered, until chicken is cooked through and apples are tender, about 20 minutes more.
291	adjudicated	neg	Heat shallots and oil in a small saucepan over medium, swirling often, until shallots are deep golden brown, 6–8 minutes. Pour into a fine-mesh sieve set over a heatproof measuring glass. Give sieve a good shake, then spread out shallots on a paper towel to drain. Season with salt; let cool. Stir sour cream, mustard, and honey in a small bowl until smooth; season with pepper. Cover and chill. Heat oil in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot over medium-high. Cook onions and garlic, cut side down, and carrots, turning carrots occasionally, until cut sides of onions and garlic are golden, about 4 minutes. Add wine, stirring to release any bits stuck on bottom of pot, and cook until reduced by two-thirds, about 2 minutes. Add ham hocks, thyme, beans, and 9 cups water. Season with several pinches of salt and lots of pepper and bring to a simmer. Cover with a lid, leaving slightly askew so steam can escape, and cook, adjusting heat to maintain a very gentle simmer and skimming foam from surface as needed, until beans are tender and creamy and broth is very flavorful, 2–2 1/2 hours. Remove pot from heat and transfer ham hocks to a cutting board. Let sit until cool enough to handle, then pull meat from bones and tear into bite-size pieces; discard fat, skin, and cartilage. Add meat and knuckle bones back to pot as you go. Let stew cool uncovered until no longer steaming. Cover pot and chill stew at least 12 hours (you can skip this step, but it will dramatically improve the flavor). Gently reheat stew, covered, until barely simmering. Pluck out and discard bones, thyme, and garlic heads (don't worry about any cloves that may have escaped into stew). Season with more salt and pepper if needed. Ladle into bowls and serve with Frizzled Shallots, Honey-Mustard Cream, cornichons, and/or dill as desired. Cream can be made 2 days ahead. Keep chilled. Stew can be made 3 days ahead. Keep chilled.
259	adjudicated	pos	"1. Fill a large nonstick saucepan (at least 6 quarts) with 12 cups water; add oil and salt. Cover and bring to a brisk boil over high heat. 2. Add the rice and continue cooking over medium to high heat, stirring occasionally. 3. After 3-5 minutes, use a slotted spoon to scoop some grains from the water. Break one grain in half to make sure it is ""al dente"" (see above). Turn off the heat and pour rice into the colander to drain; set aside. 1. Place the empty 6-quart saucepan back onto the stovetop over medium heat. Add 1/4-inch canola oil and 2 tablespoons water. Add turmeric and/or saffron powder. Stir together. 2. Add the drained rice and shape it into a pyramid. Cover the pot and cook for 5-7 minutes until rice begins to steam. 3. Uncover and place 2 paper towels (one on top of the other) over the rice. The ends will extend outside the pot. Replace the lid tightly. 4. Reduce heat to low and simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. Turn off the heat and tilt the lid until ready to serve. 5. With a wide spatula, scoop the rice from the pot, making sure not to disturb the crust (tadig) that formed on the bottom of the pot. Serve the rice on a flat serving platter, mounding it into the shape of a pyramid. Turn the tadig out onto a flat serving platter by inverting the pot, as you would invert a cake pan, or cut it into pieces and serve around the rice. 1. To make saffron water, mix together 1 teaspoon crushed saffron threads and 1/4 cup hot water. Steep for a few minutes, until the water becomes yellow. 2. Mix saffron water with steamed white rice. Use this intensely yellow rice to make designs on the Chelo. Pour 1/2 cup water mixed with 1/4 cup canola oil onto the pyramid in a large pot. You can also freeze this rice, as long as you do not stir it until it is completely defrosted. You can even cook it, freeze it, and later steam it as it defrosts. I know I will have to spend time in ""rice hell"" for admitting to freezing Persian rice, but it is worth it to make my life easier!"
113	adjudicated	pos	Place tea, lemon and ginger in a heatproof container and add boiling water. Let tea steep 7 to 8 minutes. Place 4 cups of the ice in a pitcher, then pour in tea. Blend diced peaches and sugar in a blender until smooth; mix into tea. Serve in glasses over remaining ice and garnish with mint and peach slices.
116	adjudicated	neg	Preheat the oven to 400°F. Set out all four chicken cutlets on a cutting board and sprinkle with the paprika, onion powder, and black pepper. Place a slice of the prosciutto on top of each chicken cutlet, then a collard leaf. Roll the stacks up, chicken on the outside, and secure with a toothpick. Coat a large, oven-safe skillet with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Place over high heat and add the chicken roulades. Brown for 3–4 minutes, turning often. Transfer the skillet with the chicken to the oven and bake for 10–15 minutes until the chicken is cooked through. Transfer to a clean cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Place the watercress in a large bowl along with the remaining 3 tablespoons oil and the vinegar and toss well to coat. Divide the watercress equally among four plates. Top with the figs. Slice the chicken and arrange over the watercress. Serve immediately.
230	adjudicated	pos	"Steam potatoes in a steamer basket in a covered pot filled with 2"" water until tender, 15-20 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a plate; let cool. Press with your hand to flatten until skins split and some flesh is exposed (a few may fall apart). Heat half of 1/3 cup oil in a large skillet over medium-high. Add half of potatoes; season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing occasionally, until potatoes start to brown, 8-10 minutes. Add half of leeks and garlic; cook, tossing, until potatoes are brown and crisp and leeks are golden and soft, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Repeat with remaining oil, potatoes, leeks, and garlic. Add lemon zest and juice to potatoes and toss well; season with salt and pepper. Serve drizzled with more oil."
445	adjudicated	pos	Soak chiles in a bowl of very hot water until softened, 20-25 minutes. Drain and transfer to a blender. Meanwhile, cook tomatoes, onion, and garlic in a dry large skillet, preferably cast iron, over medium-high, turning often, until softened and charred in spots, 5-8 minutes. Set onion and garlic aside; transfer tomatoes to blender. Once cool enough to handle, peel onion and garlic and place in blender along with oil, vinegar, and sugar. Blend until smooth. Season with salt. Do ahead: Salsa can be made 5 days ahead. Cover and chill.
298	adjudicated	neg	Pulse together flour, almonds, brown sugar, and salt in a food processor until nuts are finely chopped. Add butter and pulse just until blended. Coarsely crumble in a shallow baking pan and chill at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 425°F with rack in middle. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean into a small heavy saucepan, then add pod and butter and cook over medium-low heat, swirling pan occasionally, until butter is browned and fragrant, about 4 minutes. While butter browns, stir together sugars, flour, and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Add pears and brandy and toss to combine. Discard vanilla pod, then toss butter with pear mixture. Spoon filling into gratin dishes and sprinkle with topping, mounding it slightly in centers. Put in a shallow baking pan and bake 30 minutes, then rotate baking sheet and bake until topping is golden brown and filling is bubbling, 10 to 15 minutes more. Cool to warm or room temperature on a rack.
31	adjudicated	neg	Mix scallions, ginger, oil, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame seeds, and red pepper flakes in a small bowl to combine; season with salt. Stir vinegar, sugar, 1 tsp. salt, and 2 Tbsp. water in a medium bowl; set aside. Combine cucumbers, daikon, and radishes in another medium bowl. Season with salt and massage, squeezing out liquid, until softened; drain. Add vegetables to reserved brine and chill at least 10 minutes before eating. Using your hands, gather up and squeeze as much liquid as possible from daikon. Transfer to a small bowl and add yogurt and lemon juice. Mix well; season yogurt sauce with salt. To serve, assemble smoked salmon, rice, roe, furikake, pickled ginger, scallion jam, pickles, and yogurt sauce in bowls as desired. Use all the components, or skip the ones you don’t want! Vegetables can be pickled 2 days ahead. Cover and keep chilled.
176	adjudicated	pos	"Preheat oven to 325° with racks in center and upper third. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Whisk together flour, cornstarch, salt, and sesame seeds. Add flour mixture to butter mixture, 1 cup at a time, beating after each addition until incorporated. Transfer mixture to a surface and knead into a smooth dough. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Transfer chilled dough to a lightly floured surface; roll into a 1/2""-thick rectangle. Cut into 2"" squares, then cut each square into triangles. Transfer to prepared baking sheets. Bake until edges are light golden brown, 20-22 minutes. Let cool."
23	adjudicated	pos	"Store 12 cups mixed hearty greens (such as escarole, mustard greens, and kale; if using mustard greens or kale, fold leaves over and cut off tough center rib and stems) and 1 cup kumquats, cut into thin rounds, seeded, in 2 separate resealable plastic bags. Chill greens and kumquats overnight. Before serving, empty bags with greens and kumquats into a large bowl. Add 1/2 cup Granny Smith Apple Cider Vinaigrette to salad and toss to evenly coat. Add more vinaigrette, if desired. Season to taste with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and scatter 1/4 cup 1"" pieces chives and, for a little crunch, 3 tablespoons roasted salted shelled pumpkin seeds (pepitas) over."
199	adjudicated	pos	1. Trim each rack of ribs or have your butcher do this for you. 2. Place the ribs in a large nonreactive roasting pan. Pour the cider over the ribs. Squeeze the juice from the lemons over the ribs, catching the seeds with your fingers. Turn the ribs a couple of time to coat all over with marinade. If desired, let the ribs marinate in the refrigerator, covered, for 4 to 6 hours, turning several times. 3. Drain the ribs and blot dry with paper towels. Sprinkle 1/2 cup of the rub on both sides of the ribs, patting it onto the meat with your fingers. Let the ribs stand in the refrigerator, covered, for 1 to 2 hours. 4. Set up the grill for indirect grilling and preheat to medium. If using a charcoal grill, place a large drip pan in the center. If using a gas grill, place all the wood chips in the smoker box or in a smoker pouch and preheat to high until you see smoke, then reduce the heat to medium. 5. When ready to cook, if using charcoal, toss 1 cup of wood chips on the coals. Place the ribs in the center of the hot grate, away from the heat. Cover the grill and cook the ribs for 2 to 3 hours. After 30 minutes, spray the ribs with apple cider and continue to spray every half hour until ready to brush with the sauce. If using a charcoal grill, you'll need to add 12 fresh coals and 1/2 cup wood chips per side after each hour. 6. Lightly brush the ribs with 1 cup of the sauce 20 minutes before the ribs are done. When the ribs are fully cooked, the meat will have shrunk back from the bones about 1/4 inch, and the meat will be tender enough to tear apart with your fingers. But don't overcook; the ribs should have some chew to them. If the ribs start to dry out, wrap them in aluminum foil for the last hour of cooking. 7. Transfer the ribs to plates or a platter. Sprinkle the ribs with the remaining rub and lightly brush again with barbecue sauce. Let the ribs rest for a few minutes, then serve with the remaining barbecue sauce on the side. You can also cook the ribs in a smoker. Smoke them for 4 to 5 hours at 225°F This is a wonderful way to prepare baby back ribs. In this case, you'll need to allow 1 to 1 1/2 hours for indirect grilling or 2 to 3 hours for cooking in a smoker.
195	adjudicated	pos	1. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Butter a 13 x 9 x 2-inch glass baking dish. 2. Spread the bread on a large baking sheet (or 2 smaller baking sheets) in an even layer and bake, stirring a few times, until light golden brown, about 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Put the cubes into a very large bowl. 3. Raise the oven temperature to 375°F. 4. Combine the mushrooms in a large baking dish or rimmed baking sheet, toss with 3 tablespoons of the oil, and season with salt and pepper. Roast in the oven, stirring several times, until soft and golden brown, about 30 minutes. 5. While the mushrooms are roasting, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large deep sauté pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 10 minutes. Transfer the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. 6. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the rendered fat in the sauté pan and return to the stove over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add 3 cups of the chicken stock, the sage, thyme, and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer. 7. Add the mushrooms to the bread. Whisk the eggs in a small bowl and then whisk in a few tablespoons of the warm stock mixture. Add the eggs and the rest of the stock mixture to the bread, season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. The dressing should be very wet; add more stock as needed. Scrape the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Cover with foil and bake for 25 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until the top is golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes longer. Remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes before serving.
11	adjudicated	pos	Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large saucepan over medium-high. Add shrimp heads and shells and cook, stirring occasionally, until shells and oil are bright red and shells are very fragrant, 5–8 minutes. Use a potato masher to press down very firmly on heads to release their juices. Stir in tomato paste and cook until it starts to brown and stick to bottom of pot, about 1 minute. Add 1/3 cup wine and cook, scraping up brown bits, until almost completely evaporated, about 3 minutes. Add carrot, celery, thyme sprigs, peppercorns, 2 onion halves, all but 4 garlic cloves, and 8 cups water. Toss in a generous pinch of salt and bring to a boil over medium-high. Reduce heat and simmer until stock is reduced by one-quarter and very fragrant, 60–70 minutes. While stock is simmering, finely chop remaining onion and garlic cloves. Remove stock from heat and strain through a fine-mesh sieve into a medium saucepan; discard solids. (You should have about 6 cups.) Taste and season lightly with salt. Keep warm over low heat. Heat remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a large Dutch oven or other heavy pot over medium. Add chopped onion and garlic and cook, stirring often, until onion is translucent and softened, about 5 minutes (do not let it take on any color). Add rice and cook, stirring often, until grains are almost entirely translucent and starting to stick to bottom of pot, about 3 minutes. Stir in remaining 1/3 cup wine and cook, stirring, until wine is almost completely evaporated. Ladle in about 1 cup warm stock and cook, stirring, until liquid is absorbed. Repeat process, adding more stock as each addition is absorbed, until rice is tender but not mushy, 25–30 minutes. The risotto should be loose, creamy, and saucy, but thick enough that you can see bottom of pot when stirring; if you run out of stock before rice is tender, add water 1/4-cupful at a time until rice is cooked and desired consistency is achieved. Season risotto with salt and pepper and stir in shrimp. Cook, stirring, until shrimp are cooked through, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and finely grate in lemon zest. Add butter and 4 oz. mascarpone and stir until incorporated. Spoon risotto onto warmed plates and dollop remaining mascarpone; top with chives. Cut lemon into wedges and serve alongside for squeezing over. Stock can be made 2 days ahead. Let cool; cover and chill, or freeze 1 month ahead.
313	adjudicated	pos	Combine first 4 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Whisk in cheese, leaving some whole pieces. Season with salt and generous amount of cracked pepper. Place romaine wedges on plates. Drizzle 1/4 cup dressing over center of each. Top with onion.
110	adjudicated	neg	Place a large strainer over a large bowl. Using the large holes of a box grater, grate some of the potatoes, followed by some of the onion, into the strainer. Repeat until all of the potatoes and onion are used up. (Alternating the potatoes and onion prevents the potatoes from discoloring.) Squeeze or press out as much of the liquid as possible. Allow the accumulated liquid to stand in another bowl for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour off the watery part but reserve the thick, starchy paste at the bottom. Transfer the potato-onion mixture to a clean large bowl. Add the starchy paste, egg yolks, scallions, potato fl our or matzo meal, butter, salt, pepper, and baking powder and mix well. In a separate medium bowl, beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until they hold stiff, shiny peaks. Fold the egg whites into the potato mixture. Heat a thin layer of oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Working in batches, scoop 1/4 cup of the potato mixture into the pan for each pancake. Flatten gently with a spatula. Fry until the pancakes are crisp and golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Serve immediately or reheat in a 350°F oven for about 6 minutes. Serve with sour cream and applesauce.
21	adjudicated	neg	Pour the Southern Comfort into a champagne glass, add bitters and champagne and garnish with the lemon peel. Alternatively, you may use either brandy (omitting the Angostura bitters and substituting an orange peel), or cognac (adding an additional dash or two of Angostura bitters and omitting the lemon peel).
